Updates to patch version release plans (#110952)
pytorch/pytorch: RELEASE.md

| 1.13 | >=3.7, <=3.10 | CUDA 11.6, CUDNN 8.3.2.44 | CUDA 11.7, CUDNN 8.5.0.96 |
| 1.12 | >=3.7, <=3.10 | CUDA 11.3, CUDNN 8.3.2.44 | CUDA 11.6, CUDNN 8.3.2.44 |

## Release Cadence

> Following is the release cadence for year 2023/2024. Please note: these dates are subject to change, the exact dates should be announced on the [dev discuss](https://dev-discuss.pytorch.org/c/release-announcements/27) before each release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is the release cadence for year 2023/2024. All dates below are tentative, for latest updates on the release scheduled please follow [dev discuss](https://dev-discuss.pytorch.org/c/release-announcements/27).
```

| Minor Version | Release branch cut | Release date | First patch release date | Second patch release date|
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | 2.1.0 | Aug 2023 | Oct 2023 | Nov 2023 | Dec 2023 |
> | 2.2.0 | Dec 2023 | Jan 2024 | Feb 2024 | Mar 2024 |
> | 2.3.0 | Mar 2024 | Apr 2024 | May 2024 | Jun 2024 |
> | 2.4.0 | May 2024 | Jul 2024 | Aug 2024 | Sep 2024 |
> | 2.5.0 | Aug 2024 | Oct 2024 | Nov 2024 | Dec 2024 |

Reviewer: Please either change the title of first column to `Minor series` and specify versions as `2.1.X` or limit version to just major and minor)
```suggestion
| 2.1 | Aug 2023 | Oct 2023 | Nov 2023 | Dec 2023 |
| 2.2 | Dec 2023 | Jan 2024 | Feb 2024 | Mar 2024 |
| 2.3 | Mar 2024 | Apr 2024 | May 2024 | Jun 2024 |
| 2.4 | May 2024 | Jul 2024 | Aug 2024 | Sep 2024 |
| 2.5 | Aug 2024 | Oct 2024 | Nov 2024 | Dec 2024 |
```

| 1.13 | >=3.7, <=3.10 | CUDA 11.6, CUDNN 8.3.2.44 | CUDA 11.7, CUDNN 8.5.0.96 |
| 1.12 | >=3.7, <=3.10 | CUDA 11.3, CUDNN 8.3.2.44 | CUDA 11.6, CUDNN 8.3.2.44 |

## Release Cadence

Following is the release cadence for year 2023/2024. Please note: these dates are subject to change, the exact dates should be announced on the [dev discuss](https://dev-discuss.pytorch.org/c/release-announcements/27) before each release.

| Release | Start Date | Release Date |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2.1.0 | May 2023 |  October 4, 2023 |
| 2.1.1 | October 2023 | November 2023 |
| 2.1.2 | November 2023 | December 2023  |
| 2.2.0 | October 2023 | January 2024 |
| 2.2.1 | January 2024 | February 2024 |

> | 2.2.2 | February 2024 | March 2024 |

Reviewer: IMO table would be clearner if it followed 5 column patterns like following (it would also somewhat signify that patch releases are carried in the same branch as minor ones):
```
Minor Version | Branch open for cherry pick | Release date | First patch release date | Second patch release date|
 2.1 | Jul 2023 | Oct 2023 | Nov 2023 | Dec 2023
2.2 | Nov 2023 | Jan 2024 | Feb 2024 | Mar 2024
```

Author: Done

> Main POC: Patch Release Managers, Triage Reviewers

Patch releases should follow these high-level phases. This process starts immediately after the previous release has completed.
Minor release process takes around 6-7 weeks to complete.
Patch release process takes around 4-5 weeks to complete.

1. Triage, is a process where issues are identified, graded, compared to Patch Release Criteria and added to Patch Release milestone. This process normally takes 2-3 weeks after the release completion.

> 2. Patch Release: Go/No Go meeting between PyTorch Releng, PyTorch Core and Project Managers where potential issues triggering a release in milestones are reviewed, and following decisions are made:

Author: Do we really need Go/No Go meeting for patch release ? Should we make it automatic go ? From observation of releases 1.11-2.1 there are always issues found past each release that fit our patch criteria.

Reviewer: It could be a lightweight process, but IMO one should have an option to skip minor release if there are no pending bugs.. (especially for the 2nd patch release)
